Note on disinfectant potentially caucusing water damage (#414)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/invisible/hardware/README.md

The disinfectant we use is made from 22.0g Ethanol, 21.0g 2-Propanol, 8.0g 1-Propanol per 100 grams of solution. One such brand name that we use is "Vibasept". We use the wetted towlettes (wipes). Similar products should be available globally under different brand names.

> When applying the disinfectant, be careful around the eye cameras as liquid leaking into the sensor may cause water damage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pupil Invisible is not water resistant. When cleaning, be careful around the eye cameras, world camera, and USB connection. Liquid from disinfectant might damage sensitive electronics inside the frame.  
```
